added option to format texts (#1)
ramseyTA/android-consent-sdk: README.md

 - `link` (optional) that lets the user open a web page (URL) with more info.
 
 Object `consentFormData` provides all needed data for displaying consent form.
 

### Format texts

> To format displayed texts, the data classes `ConsentFormData` and `ConsentFormItem` use the wrapper class `ConsentText` to provide the display texts as `String` or `Spanned`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To format displayed texts, the data classes `ConsentFormData` and `ConsentFormItem` use the wrapper class `ConsentText`. `ConsentText` is created from `String` or `Spanned` and provides the  `formattedText`  to display.
```

at least that is how I understood it :) Feel free to rephrase - would just explain the `ConsentText` a bit here.
